This is a modified version of the firmware that was generated by the 
ZSA Ergodox ORYX tool set.  I added combos so that I could eliminate
the lag in using home row mods and autocap.  I don't like reaching for
modifiers, and no other setting seemed to be working for me.  I made 
the modifiers available on both halves of the keyboard.  The setup is 
easy:

1.  Download the source for your layout from ZSA using the Oryx tool
2.  Follow the setup in the readme from ZSA.
3.  Do a test compile to ensure your unmodified config works.
4.  Modify your config.h to allow combos:

#define COMBO_COUNT 14

The value here should be the number of combos you except.  Since there
are 3 modifiers without the Windows key, you have 7 combinations per
keyboard side.  If you include the windows key, this number would be 15
per side.  I decided not to include the windows key sine I use it so
rarely.  

5.  Modify rules.mk

COMBO_ENABLE = yes

6.  Do another test compile to ensure your code base still works.
7.  Modify this code to suit the combinations you would like to use. The
code you find here assumes the following:

MODIFIER         LEFT       RIGHT
shift            DF         JK
ctrl             CV         M,
alt              ER         UI
ctrl-shift       SDF        JKL
alt-shift        WER        UIO
ctrl-alt         XCV        M,.
shift-ctrl-alt   ASDF       JKL;

I based all of this on what I read here.  I made the simplest combinations I
could come up with.  The first url is for the base setup.  The second has the 
combo code I modified for this.

https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs
https://docs.qmk.fm/#/feature_combo

There are several advanced settings.  I found the simplest setting with defaults
worked just find.  Some things you must consider:

a.  You must get used to the cognitive delay in using a new mapping for modifiers.
b.  You must ensure you tap your keys used for combos and don't roll your fingers to avoid'
    misfiers.  If you are used to rolling your fingers, this commbo setup won't work.
c.  You can add delays, etc., but then you will probably run into the frustrations I did
    where I was hitting the mods and then the modded key so fast that I was getting a misfire
    for home row mods.  For example, instead of getting "I" I would get "fi".
d.  Make this code your own.  It is not hard.  However, I would recommend using Oryx for 
    remapping your keys and the modifying these results with your combo code.  It will save
    you from having to learn the entire code base.
e.  I used the Wally tool to flash the firmware.  It is simple and reliable.
